Today it's up to you to create the peacefulness you long for.
You will enjoy razor-sharp spiritual vision today.
All your fingers can't be of the same length.
You are going to take a vacation.
A sound mind and healthy body bring many happy events to your family.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
You learn from your mistakes, you will learn a lot today.
Encourage your peers.
Your ability is appreciated.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
You will make your own footprints in the snow.
Everywhere you choose to go friendly faces will greet you.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
You will receive money from an unexpected source.
Someday everything will make sense.
The man on the top of the mountain did not fall there.
You have a quiet and unobtrusive nature.
The man or woman you desire feels the same about you.
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
The superior person is modest in his speech but exceeds in action.
Confidence is at a high.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
If you want to sell some jeans don't talk about them.
The sky seems small from the bottom of the well.
Everything will now come your way.
To scare a bird is not the way to catch it.
Your current year will bring you much happiness.
Today is going to be a new learning experience.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Never miss a chance to keep your mouth shut.
A book is in your future.
Tomorrow is a new day.
An admirer wants to take you on a South Seas cruise.
It is easier to stay out than to get out.
You are special in a way you will soon begin to understand.
Aside from survival, people most want to be understood.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
You must be willing to act today in order to succeed.
Seek out the significance of your problem at this time. Try to understand.
Example is better than perception.
All generalities are false.
Seize every second of your life and savor it.
A loved one is of utmost importance at this time.
Many questions are unanswerable.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
Haste does not bring success.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Education is the ability to meet life's situations.
Your circle of friends will soon grow larger.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Your shoes will make you happy today.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues.
Your secret desire to completely change your life will manifest.
People enjoy having you around. Appreciate this.
A great person was born on your birthday.
Failure is not defeat until you stop trying.
You cannot change the direction of the wind, but you can adjust your sails.
Good news will come to you from far away.
At the worst of times, you need to summon your optimism.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
Conceptualize, organize, sell and then do.
You are a leader in your own way.
You are a practical person with your feet on the ground.
Take the time to be considerate of others.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You are contemplating some action that win you credit.
You can see a lot just by looking.
Open confession is good for the soul.
When the moment comes, take the one from the right.
An exciting opportunity lies ahead of you.
Pursue your work with all due seriousness.
Venture not all in one boat.
There is a prospect of a thrilling time ahead for you.
In everything, there is some truth. But a piece is simply just a piece.
If you chase two rabbits both will escape.
Do it.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
The cure for grief is motion.
Join a new club today, you'll be surprised.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
The sun shines on both sides of the hedge.
You will never need to worry about a steady income.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Those who walk in other's tracks leave no footprints.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
You have an unusual magnetic personality of success to come.
A feeling is an idea with roots.
You look tired.
Embrace this love relationship you have!
Expand your horizons.
You are sociable and entertaining at all times.
A letter of great importance may reach you any day now.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
You will become better acquainted with a coworker.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
You will marry your lover.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
You will outdistance all your competitors.
Time makes one wise. Ask advice from someone older than you.
Bend the rod while it is still hot.
Keep your eyes open. You never know what you might see.
As trust increases, so too does efficiency.
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
Don't byte off more than you can view.
An unexpected event soon will bring you happiness.
You will conquer obstacles to achieve success.
You are going to take a trip to the seaside.
You have a potential urge and the ability for accomplishment.
Even the toughest of days have bright spots, just do your best.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on spending.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you tonight.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
You are careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Never underestimate the power of the symbolic.
A judgment will rule in your favor.
An empty stomach is not a good political advisor.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
A point is the beginning of magnitude.
It could be better, but its good enough.
Always keep your words soft and sweet.
People learn little from success, but much from failure.
An unexpected aquaintance will resurface.
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
Your failures will lead you to your success.
Struggle as hard as you can for whatever you believe in.
You would make a good lawyer.
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.
There is beauty in simplicity.
The important thing is to express yourself.
Ask a friend to join you on your next voyage.
Service to many leads to greatness.
Most people, once they graduate from the school of Hard Knocks, automatically enroll.
Start to look for your faults if you never made mistakes.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Calamity is the touchstone of a brave mind.
There will always be delightful mysteries in your life.
Do not let your fears hold you back from pursuing your hopes.
Wishing for the good old days only means you're old.
You are always welcome in many ways.
Next full moon brings an enchanting evening.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
In words of love a little exaggeration is O.K.
Seek to assert your devotion when a worthy situation arises.
Two people shorten a road.
The object of your desire comes closer.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
You can fix it with a little extra energy and a positive attitude.
People in your surroundings will be more cooperative than usual.
The one you love is closer than you think.
Let your imagination wander.
Your investment of time in work or school next week is important.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
A bold and dashing adventure is in your future within the year.
You'll advance forward with your abilities.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
Be prepared for extra energy.
You can prosper in the field of high technology.
A tub and a rub will change your day.
Little and often makes much.
Never go to bed angry.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
Conquer your fears or they will conquer you.
Affirm it, visualize it, believe it, and it will actualize itself.
Prosperity is in your fortune.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
Speak only well of people and you will never need to whisper.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
Traveling more often is important for your health and happiness.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.
An admirer is concealing his/her affection for you.
You are a classic.
Your next interview will result in a job.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A spark can start a great fire.
You are a talented storyteller.
The riches of others make you more valuable.
You will find gold among the sand.
Yesterday was a dare to struggle. Today is a dare to win.
You will always be successful in you professional career.
We do not always gain by changing.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.
It's up to you to clarify.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
There is yet time enough for you to take a different path.
You have a truly strong individuality.
Accidents will happen.
Real business often happens after lunch or dinner.
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Our perception and attitude toward any situation will determine the outcome.
It is never too late. Just as it is never too early.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Age can never hope to with you while your heart is young.
You will soon emerge victorious from the maze you've been traveling in.
Rivers need springs.
Become who you are.
Everything must have a beginning.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Reach for joy and all else will follow.
You are entering a time of great romance & overdue happiness.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Always look for ways to add value for the customer.
Fair words butter no cabbage.
Quality, Service, Low Prices.
You will have a pleasant trip.
Focus on your health and well-being now. It won't wait.
Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible.
Bank error in your favor. Collect $200.
You will win success in whatever you adopt.
You will be offered a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
Mental activity keeps you busy at this time.
You will prosper in the field of wacky inventions.
Many of your wishes will soon come true.
To affect the quality of the day is no small achievement.
You will travel far and wide, both pleasure and business.
Never spend money before you have it.
Your dynamic eyes have attracted a secret admirer.
People find you attractive, inside and out.
It is very possible that you will achieve greatness in your lifetime.
Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
You will meet someone at a social event.
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
Someone thinks you are very special and wants to let you know it.
A human being is a deciding being.
Be on the lookout for coming events, they cast their shadows beforehand.
You will discover your hidden talents.
The ripest fruit falls first.
The family that plays together stays together.
Your life will prosper only if you acknowledge your faults and work to reduce them.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
Take as long a view as you can afford to take.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
You will enjoy a trip to Asia.
Your baby will exhibit an exuberance for living throughout life.
Those who care will make the effort.
Future looks spotty. You will spill soup in late evening.
Stay the course.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
Be assertive when decisive action is needed.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.
Don't build your happiness on other's sorrow.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
Your spirit of adventure leads you down an exiting new path.
Do not throw good money after bad.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Wrinkles show where the smiles have been.
Share your happiness with others today.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
Take advantage of an unusual opportunity to advance.
Live this day as if it was your last.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.
Do not be afraid of competition.
Instead of worrying and agonizing, move ahead constructively.
Present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Wisdom is on her way to you.
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.
Make a wise choice everyday.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Make yourself necessary to someone.
Do not upset the penguin today.
You will gain admiration from your peers.
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential.
A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship.
You should not return to the past to revive an old relationship.
You are admired for your adventurous ways.
You are a celebration of joy and life.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
Whenever possible, keep it simple.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
You can't go far in a rowboat without oars.
Love can last a lifetime, if you want it to.
A surprise treat awaits you.
Be most affectionate today.
A small incident will develop to your advantage.
The e-mail of the species is more deadly than the mail.
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.
You have a flair for adding a fanciful dimension to any story.
One always regrets what could have been done. Remember this for next time.
A cheerful message is on its way to you.
The heart has its reasons, which the reasons do not know.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
Life is a tragedy for those who feel and a comedy for those who think.
Happiness is often a rebound from hard work.
Use your instincts now.
If you want the rainbow, you must put up with the rain.
Your cheerful outlook is one of your assets.
There is in the worst of fortunes the best chance of a happy ending.
Darkness is only successful when there is no light.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Your sense of humor is enjoyed by all.
Hone your competitive instincts.
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Empty barrels make the most noise.
The night life is for you.
Take that chance you've been considering.
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
You are the master of every situation.
You will have no problems in your home.
How dark is dark? How wise is wise?
Someone who deserves special attention awaits your magical voice.
A huge fortune at home is not as good as money in use.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Today's profits are yesterday's good well ripened.
You will have a long and wealthy life.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
Everybody must row with the oars he has.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A secret admirer will soon send you a sign of affection.
Traveling this year will bring your life into greater perspective.
Elegant surroundings will soon be yours.
A routine task will turn into an enchanting adventure.
With each year you will become more knowledgeable and kind.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
Regenerate your system through diet and exercise.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
New and rewarding opportunities will soon develop for you.
Because of your melodic nature, the moonlight never misses an appointment.
You or a close friend will be married soon.
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
Find release from your cares, have a good time.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
You will learn something new every day.
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Your luck has been completely changed today.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
All the preparation you've done will finally be paying off.
You will be happy with your spouse.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Today is an ideal time to water your personal garden.
Be receptive to popular ideas.
Simplicity and clarity should be your theme in dress.
The final act of business judgement is intuitive.
The act of giving is more important than receiving.
You are filled with a sense of urgency. Be patient or you may end up confused.
Much more grows in the garden than that which is planted there.
An upward movement initiated in time can counteract fate.
Complete heath and awakening are rarely the same thing.
You have an iron will, which helps you succeed in everything.
The joyful energy of the day will have a positive affect on you.
You have a good reason to be self-confident.
Adjust finances, make budgets, to improve your standing.
When in anger, sing the alphabet.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Things are never quite the way they seem.
A well-aimed spear is worth three.
Live each day well and wisely.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
You have exceeded what was expected.
Be calm when confronting an emergency crisis.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
Not all closed eye is sleeping nor open eye is seeing.
To get respect from others, one must first give respect to others.
Success is an accumulation of successful days.
Tell them before it's too late!
Love truth, but pardon error.
Lifes trials may be hard to bear, but patience can outlive them.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
Even if the person who appears most wrong, is also quite often right.
You can't put an old head on young shoulders.
No life can be dreary when work is a delight.
He who slithers among the ground is not always a foe.
Home is where your heart is.
Live like you are on the bottom, even if you are on the top.
Don't put off till tomorrow what can be enjoyed today.
Focus in on the color yellow tomorrow for good luck.
You enjoy the company of other people.
Ask advice, but use your own common sense.
The holiday season is as meaningful as we make it.
Wherever you go, whenever you can, try to leave a gift.
Never reveal your best argument.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes.
Every burden is a blessing.
Action speaks nothing, without the motive.
Use the force.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Don't read everything you believe.
You will soon meet the person you admire.
Face facts with dignity.
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Are you sure the back door is locked?
A bashful admirer will soon be revealed.
First things first.
There are lessons to be learned by listening to others.
Accept your independence and use it wisely.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Bloom where you are planted.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Empty bags cannot stand upright.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
Romance comes into your life this year in a very unusual sort of way.
A new venture will be a success.
Your smile always brightens the cloudiest days.
You constantly struggle for self improvement.
Nasty and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
If you do not run, fear will be afraid of you.
What you decide today will be your good fortune.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget them.
In the end all things will be known.
Your life is a tapestry of rich and royal hue.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Move in the direction of your dreams.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Others will say you are too idealistic.
What you see in the mirror, and what you are can be two different images.
Bread today is better than cake tomorrow.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Many pages make a thick book.
Your high-minded principles spell success.
You are an exciting and inspiring person.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
The laws sometimes sleep, but never die.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
Your family is young, gifted and attractive.
Three can keep a secret if you get rid of two.
You enjoy giving gifts of yourself to others, you will be rewarded!
Sometimes traveling to new places leads to great transformation.
Man who wear flat board on head may walk down path with dress on and people will applaud.
Love is for the lucky and the brave.
Your principles mean more to you than any money or success.
Enjoy the small things you find on your path.
Engage in group activities that further your transformation.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all undimmed.
Keep in close touch with what your competition is doing.
Do not judge a book by it's color.
Be receptive to new ideas from all fronts.
You will stumble into the path that will lead your life to happiness.
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
People are attracted by your delicate features.
The smart thing is to prepare for the unexpected.
There is a time to be practical now.
Sell your ideas, they are totally acceptable.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
The ads revenge is massive success.
You will find great forces in unexpected places.
You are busy but you are happy.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
Watch for a new relationship to develop within the month.
You will become more and more wealthy.
People in your background will be more co-operative than usual.
Do not overtax your powers.
Be cautious in your financial dealings.
Time and patience are called for; many surprises await you!
Questionable day. Ask somebody something.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Right now there's an energy pushing you in a new direction.
Stop nagging to your partner and take it day by day.
Humor usually works at the moment of awkwardness.
Jealousy is a useless emotion.
An unexpected relationship will become permanent.
Sometimes you just need to lay on the floor.
A good time to start something new.
Always you are to be rich next year.
People are drawn to you and look to you for advice.
What happened last night can happen again.
You have a pair of shining eyes.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
Want to learn how to love, start with the one you hate.
There is someone rather annoying in your life that you need to listen to.
In a new situation, get all your expectations on the table.
Be smart, but never show it.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Keep your family traditions alive and flourishing.
Distance lends enhancement to the view.
You are going to have some new clothes.
Confucius says when prosperity comes, do not use all of it.
This is the time for caution, but not for fear.
There are big changes ahead for you. They will be good ones!
The quotes that you do not understand are not meant for you.
To make a good product, design a smart process.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
Trust him, but sill keep your eyes open.
Acting is not lying. It is finding someone hiding inside you and letting that person run free.
Volition, Strength, Languages, Freedom and Power rests in you.
Cooperate with those who have both know how and integrity.
A different world cannot be built by indifferent people.
Good food brings good health and longevity.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
The Wheel of Good Fortune is finally turning in your direction!
A metaphor could save your life.
A person is not wise simply because one talks a lot.
You find beauty in ordinary things. Do not lose this ability.
Happiness comes from a good life.
You are wise behind your ears.
Examine the situation before you act impulsively.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
How you look depends on where you go.
The earth is a school, learn in it.
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
It's an old dog for a hard road.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
Congratulations on your recent heir raising occasion!
Success is the sum of unique visions realized by the sweat of perseverance.
Work on improving your exercise routine.
Your present question marks are going to succeed.
Your success will astonish everyone.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Aim high, time flies.
At this very moment, you can change the rest of your life.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
It is better to be alone sometimes.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A healthy body will benefit you for life.
You will overcome difficult times.
Enjoy yourself while you can.
Sometimes it is better to know when to exit than when to enter.
Adventure can be real happiness.
If the cap fits, wear it.
You are a person of another time.
You are very expressive and positive in words and feelings.
Things refuse to be mismanaged for long.
Your power is in your ability to decide.
You will be spending time outdoors, in the mountains, near water.
You are capable of planning your future.
You don't need talent to gain experience.
If you have a job without aggravations, you don't have a job.
The grass always seems greener from the other side.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
Character development is the true aim of education.
You need to live authentically, and you can't ignore that.
It is better to be the hammer than the nail.
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
Do your best to make it happen.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
Fall for someone who's not your type.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Innovate or evaporate.
Respect your elders. You could inherit a large sum of money.
Miles are covered one step at a time.
Every excess becomes a vice.
Learn, commit, and do forever.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
You are not a person who can be ignored.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and soul devout.
It is by those who have suffered that the world is most advanced.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
It is not good to be a user.
Yes, go ahead with confidence.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
You will make many changes before settling down happily.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Change has both physical and psychological attributes.
You mentality is alert, practical and analytical.
The seeds of an idea planted long ago will finally blossom.
A winsome smile will be your sure protection.
Walk with a good heart and you will run with success.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Influence someone you do not know.
Look to your inner being for guidance.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
Be brave enough to live creatively.
Listen to yourself more often.
There will be a happy romance for you shortly.
You look pretty.
Be unconventional, even visionary.
Be satisfied with what you already own.
Consolidate rather than expand business projects in the near future.
A small act of charity will go a long way.
Things of luxury will surround you.
The golden age was never the present one.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
Your way of doing what other people do their way is what makes you special.
Trust your intuition.
Enhance your karma by engaging in various charitable activities.
Maybe you can live on the moon in next century.
Stay to your inner-self, you will benefit in many ways.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You are the controller of your destiny.
You have no real enemies.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
What looks like an appealing offer may not be.
To understand is hard. Once one understands, action is easy.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
Have a relaxed night tonight.
Dance as if no one is watching.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
With integrity and consistency, your credits are piling up.
Don't change horses in midstream.
Good sense is the master of human life.
Ability is not something to be shown off.
Your moods signal a period of change.
You will take a chance on something in near future.
What is vice today may be virtue tomorrow.
Will you let compassion to manage your wishes?
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
If the idea you had three days ago still looks good, do it.
The best things in life aren't things.
The star of happiness is shining on you.
Failure is the virtual way to prepare you for great responsibilities.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Never upset the driver of the car you are in.
Dispel negativity through creative activities.
Even the longest of days will come to an end.
Out of confusion comes new patterns.
The sun will shine through your heart and warm your soul.
Life is too short to be little.
You will soon be crossing great waters.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
Many admire your social and physical appearance.
Reach out your hand today to support others who need you.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
The time is right to make new friends.
It is high time for one of your most promising ideas.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Experience is the best teacher.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
You are vigorous in words and action.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Modulation in all things.
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world.
Eat something you never tried before.
Don't be afraid of fear.
The social scene can be fun today.
Look to the next month for some pleasant surprises.
The art of relationship is all in appreciation.
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Make a wish, it might come true.
The expanse of your intelligence is a void no universe will ever fill.
To be eighty years young is more cheerful than forty years old.
Make everyday your best. You will improve yourself greatly.
Prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Purposeful prior planning prevents poor performance.
The gambler is like the fisherman, both have beginners luck.
You discover treasures where others see nothing unusual.
We need more people who specialize in the impossible.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
A sense of humor is the pole that adds balance as you walk the tightrope of life.
Next time you have the opportunity, go on a rollercoaster.
See if you can learn anything from the children.
An understanding heart warms all that are graced with its presense.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
All troubles you have can pass away very quickly.
You have the attitude of a winner.
Good beginnings start with a positive mindset.
Your tongue is your ambassador.
Do not worry, you will have great peace.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
New ideas could be profitable.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
May you have a good appetite.
Honest differences are often healthy signs of progress.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
You have a yearning for perfection.
A small lucky package is on its way to you soon.
The greatest precept is continual awareness.
You will travel to many places.
Nowadays in business learning never ends.
Labels are for cans not people.
Humor is the affirmation of dignity.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
To wait and be patient soothes many a pang.
Simplicity of character is the natural result of a profound thought.
Before the beginning of great brilliance, there must be chaos.
In agreements, written words help dispel doubt.
You are very talented in many ways.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be rewarded.
Never cut what you can untie.
The big issues are career, status or work right now.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Financial prosperity is coming your way!
Wise man seldom talks.
You will be unusually successful in business.
Your energy returns and you will get things done.
It is not the outside riches but the inside ones that produce happiness.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
You will soon discover a major truth about the one you love most.
Happiness is an activity.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
You will receive a secret romantic message in a strange way.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
Nothing icky will ever happen on your birthday.
You are loyal to your family.
Blend receptivity with action.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Never be less than your dreams.
Benefit by doing things that others give up on.
For success today, look first to yourself.
You will soon have an heir.
If you take a single step towards a journey, you are already on the path to success.
You are broad minded and socially active.
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
Eat food. Mostly plants. Not too much.
You will be awarded some great honor.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
You are not a ghost.
Keep in mind your most cherished dreams of the future.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
Grand adventures await those who are willing to turn the corner.
Put the data you have uncovered to beneficial use.
This person's love is just and true. You may rely on it.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
To be old and wise, you must first be young and stupid.
Your ability to pick a winner will bring you success.
Change can hurt, but it leads a path to something better.
You will be rewarded for being a good listener in the next week.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change to your life.
There's no such thing as an ordinary cat.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
When you expect your opponent to yield, you also should avoid hurting him.
Service is the rent you pay for having room on the Earth.
You have an important new business development shaping up.
Your good listening skills will open many doors.
A family reunion in the coming months will be a tremendous success!
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Understanding the nature of change, changes the nature.
Soon, a visitor shall delight you.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
Your problem just got bigger. Think what have you done.